Let's bring out our Game Master, Mrs. Benster, Clayton Didgeridoo.
Oh, yeah. And the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much. That's very kind.
Boy, Spencer and I almost didn't make it because we're starting at like $7.59. It's amazing.
I made one comment in the green room yesterday because we were starting to load in at like $8.15.
It was like, you know, that always happens. It's things gradually slip. People show up later, blah, blah, blah.
And I made one comment about it. Somebody cracked the fucking whip. I think it was Dustin.
Dusty trails.
I didn't want it to happen. I didn't want the whip to crack. I wanted the whip to gently like a jump rope.
I wanted to go to $8.14 and then $8.13 because I was taking a shit.
Now I got what the kids call a turtle head.
It's not true. The kids don't call it that. I do. And it's not true also. I took a huge shit at home before I came here.
Okay, so speaking of positive changes, just for the asking. So last week we got our scoop, our ice scoop.
But then you may have noticed. So Bobcat Goldthwaite's up here and he's talking about child molestation.
And I'm using the ice scoops like...
It's very awkward and it's like, but I'll be damned if I'm going to not drink.
Are there little chicken feet? They look like little chicken feet.
Not only are these tongs, which is better than a scoop, but the one drawback that a tong would have under a scoop would be the tongs you don't trust them.
But even if just psychologically, the idea that these are chicken feet tongs, like I tested it backstage, it's amazing.
I mean, you can blindly reach in and you'll come out with at least one cube. And it's not going anywhere.
And it's quiet. It's child molestation conversation compatible to the year 2030.
And we got that. So to give credit where credit is due, we just got that, you know, from Brandon.
I don't know if he wants his whole name said.
Sure.
Brandon Lee, chill coat. Chill coat. Hello, Brandon here. I enjoy Harmontown and I've heard your plea for clean ice.
I think he sent this before, you know, it raced and lost the scoop, but it beat the scoop.
My girlfriend, Risa, and I hope to make it out to a show one day. You don't know her. She's in Niagara Falls.
So please take this as a token of appreciation for less dirty and gross beverages.
Love it.
Thank you, Brandon.
What else do we, if we could just ask, you know, let's positively visualize, like, what do we, let's clean this, our act up.
Like, what do we want?
I got a very civilized gift from a guy named Nick Gill who sent this from the UK.
He's a playwright and author from London, I think London.
And he's written an adaptation of The Trial by Kafka and the first character in it, Comptroller.
Did you know it's pronounced controller?
It's pronounced controller.
Because we actually have one at Starburn Studios now.
You do?
Yeah, we have, it's like a real word in a real thing.
Fucking kick his ass, dude.
Yeah, well.
Is it sex or there might be a girl?
Okay, so it could be a girl. Girls can be controllers.
But I feel like they pronounce it right.
Why would you say, why would you spell it Comptroller?
You're going to call it controller.
It irritates me.
I still have never looked it up.
I don't know what the word means.
All right.
So, so, well, for, okay, let's just speed, speed through the current events.
Of course, a lot of people, for better or for worse, Jeff, get their news from this show.
I think, I think it's, I think it's for better.
I think it's for better.
So the Pokemon shootings were averted.
Uh, there was a, there was a, there was a big Pokemon conference and the, and there were
two guys now.
Well, old champions.
Stop, stop, stop me when I'm wrong if you know what I'm wrong about the details.
All right.
But that there were two, two people who tweeted that they were going to tweeted a threat.
There's social media warnings about these gentlemen.
Oh, social, oh, people on social media were warning about them because maybe they were
making creepy comments or something.
Something along those lines.
At any rate, these guys got stopped before going into the convention and they searched
their car and they had like fucking assault rifles and hundreds of rounds of ammunition.
Yeah.
There's a assault rifle and, and a shotgun.
So there, I mean, unless there's more to it, and you know, I had spent five, five seconds
reading about it, but it appears to be a giant massacre.
They were going to, they were going to blast up the Pokemon.
Yeah.
The world championships, Jeff.
And the, the scary thing about the, the article isn't the photo of the weapons in question
to me.
That's because they just look like pictures of weapons.
The scary thing to me is the photo of the, whether it's this year's or not, but just
the photo of what a Pokemon conference looks like.
No, and I don't, I'm not teasing.
I'm saying like it's a room.
It's, it's, it's packed, you know, and it's just, it's the world championships.
It's, it's, it would, it's, it's very.
So there's regional Pokemon things that you climb your way up to make.
Well, yeah.
I mean, you don't just start at the world championships.
There's regionals.
He got to be eight gym leaders.
That might actually be true.
So I've never, I've never played Pokemon.
Is it like a card kind of game?
Well, I mean, I didn't dig too deeply.
There is a card game that I believe.
Yeah, that's still popular.
And there's, you know, the video game that people play against.
I bought, I bought.
There you go.
Thanks.
That's Steve Levy.
I bought, oh, is he here?
He's in a research department, Steve.
He loves Pokemon.
I bought, I bought a Nintendo thing, the DS thing in New York because I, and I wanted
to get into Pokemon because it seems like, because you got to catch them all.
Yeah.
From what I understand.
And that, that appeals to my, when I, you know, I like the hoarding and the, you know,
like I thought if you improve them and trade them and have them fight each other,
it's not like from what I've heard about Pokemon for 25 years.
It sounds like a very unsafe thing to get into now.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
Or it's, or the most safe ever now for the time being.
But the scary thing about it was what a, what a murder spree friendly environment.
Like, I mean, I just, I just, yeah.
What's that?
It's cock fighting for children.
Oh, well, the game is cock fighting for children.
Yes.
But I had moved back to the much more severe topic of those children getting shot in
the face.
So, all right.
So the Pokemon shootings were averted, which makes it okay to now go back to police bashing
because they really did their job there.
Obviously law enforcement at work at the Pokemon conference.
Law enforcement a little less at work at LAX where Wiz Khalifa was handcuffed and slammed
to the floor.
He wasn't resisting.
He wasn't.
Well, then why did they say, why did they keep saying stop resisting?
Why would police say that while kneeling on your back if you weren't, if they couldn't
tell, like a chiropractor can that you're, there's resistance going on.
They can tell their knees are right on his shoulder blades.
They know if there's resistance there.
You got me there.
But this guy's, I didn't realize, I was like, who's Wiz Khalifa?
And I was all excited because listen to his name.
It's like, it's more than just a rapper.
It's like, wow, I'm into a guy named Wiz Khalifa.
Like, like he's super, super duper not white.
Like, like, like, like, he's covered in tattoos.
And he's, and he's, and he's the, were you, were you watching that twins show with us
on VH1, that, that, that, that twin reality show thing?
Anyways, the fact that the two white fat twins, the, the funniest thing was that they won
by, by, because their song was Weed'em Boys.
And that's, that's Wiz Khalifa.
I didn't, I didn't connect those dots.
Weed'em Boys and the, and the song from Fast Furious.
When you put in your baboon here and you put on your face and it's good to have seen you
but I'll see you again.
Yo, yo, yo, it seems I'm back in the day.
It seems I'm back in the times and all the usual ways from, from around in the,
just one of those heartfelt kind of back in the day raps.
It doesn't have to be as good a rap.
I was, I was getting that vibe from that.
I always wanted, I always wanted to do, it's like the quintessential one of those, but those come out every year.
It started off with kind of like a Michael McDonald kind of, kind of Dubid,
Dubid brothers kind of thing.
Yeah.
Can you, can you, can you do one?
Can you, can you sing with your dulcet tones?
And then so that I can do a back in the day, like rap?
So what's, what's, what's, what do I have to accomplish with my part of it?
You have to do like the hook.
You have to be like the, you have to, you have to do like a, you have to say like,
I love your face and I love your chicken too.
Like, whatever.
Like, like, like I kind of like, like, like, like, like, like.
Is it about love or is it about?
It's about love.
Or about missing people or.
I love your face and your chicken too.
Give that chicken to me.
Yeah.
It seems like back in the day.
Oh, the chicken.
Are we recording this?
Justin, are we rolling?
Yeah.
It seems like just the other day used to be so many ways in a different way.
Used to be in the past, but now things have changed so much in the usual way.
I think we got, I think we got something good here.
You know, you know, you know what it is, Jeff?
Too many.
Oh, this.
Okay.
This.
Phones tripping out.
Yeah.
I was like, how do you turn that?
Triple finger double tap to two in the pink or what?
It's one on the app and two in the crap.
No.
Now I'm just adding appointments.
Adding appointments everywhere.
I have nine.
Put it down.
This is serious.
This is a serious problem.
Zoom out.
Okay.
He got it.
Well, I eventually hit the screen so much that it went into some kind of like this.
This isn't a chimps cage mode.
And it brought up a menu that a chimp could understand that the top thing was like zoom
out, return to your banana.
All right.
So anyway, so was, well, so was Khalifa is my new hero.
Cause he, he was in LAX and he wouldn't get off of his hoverboard.
You, you rode one of those hoverboards.
I've not.
I'm, I'm, I've always around them or wrote the drawing room after the show and we're
drinking and it seems like a terrible idea to get on one of those drunk.
I've seen some people wipe the fuck out on those.
Oh, those, you're talking about those mini segue things.
Yeah.
Those, those, uh, what do you call this?
It's a segue without a, without a handle.
Wiz Khalifa loves them and he, and he loves it so much.
He was riding around LAX with them and the cops were like, you got to stop that.
And he's like, why?
No, I don't.
And, and, and they're like, yeah, you do.
And he's like, what are you going to arrest me for not doing what you say?
Awesome.
Good, good, good question.
That's not against the law.
Fucking cops.
What are you a judge?
Like there's no, what's the law?
No hoverboard law?
You can't go skateboarding around LAX.
You drive little trucks all around the fucking LAX.
Yeah.
And if you ever been to another airport.
Down the hallways.
Like international airports, like Japanese, uh, uh, like, like, like business men, they
ride, fuck it.
They have like scooters.
They inspect your gadgets, roller skate shoes, and they have like crazy, like their luggage
turns into a fucking like, like, uh, uh, a fucking wave runner.
Like they, like, you're like, what the fuck am I in trouble?
Is that Al-Qaeda?
And they're like, no, that's a Japanese guy.
He knows what he's doing.
These are the passengers.
This is not.
Yeah, passengers.
What the fuck?
Yeah.
I want to do that.
So here's the thing about airports.
Here's the thing about the TSA.
Here's the thing about our panic.
Here's the thing about going into these places and the religion being, don't, don't do anything
weird, don't do anything wrong.
I just want to say about that.
Like we keep falling back on this hot button of like, oh, it must be so hard.
And it's, oh, there's so many things at stake.
Meanwhile, as we all learned for 10 years, we were worshiping at this altar and, you
know, fine, like, like we were doing it for nothing because you could have had a gun in
your hat.
Like, like, like in 95% of them would have gotten through like, like they, they, they
tested it and then there's still, so forget about that for a second.
Just observe the fact that like, like it's a checkpoint.
It's a security checkpoint.
You know what's a really bad idea for security checkpoints?
Like disruptability.
Do you know what, do you know what all there is at that place is fucking ways that they
tell you you can disrupt them.
Like they're advertising about it.
It's like, well, don't, don't make a, don't make the wrong comment.
Don't make the wrong joke.
Don't you motherfuckers have shit under control?
Because if you do, I should be able to make a joke.
Everyone should be able to.
Be able to run into an airport with seven prop like dynamite vests on like one of those
Michael Jackson, Venice beach things and be like, six of me are terrorists and they should
be like, knock it off, sir.
That's too big for the luggage rack.
I bought extra seats and it's like, but you know, in the end, if I did, you know, if it's
not, if the dogs don't bark or if I don't get a gray swab reading or what, have your
draconian rules.
I did something, well, the last trip I took, I guess when we were going to New York for
Harmontown out there, I went into LAX and they said, I'm sir randomly, can you, can
you put your palm out and they do like the, you know, the explosive residue test with
a little, you know, a little ravioli looking little pieces of cloth.
They do look like ravioli.
Why, why, why is that?
I don't know.
Why does ravioli have to look like, like, like, have those little, little teeth around
the edge?
I think that's how you kind of crimp them together.
You close them up that way.
Like you take a fork and you crimp them.
It's also stylish.
That's the fastening system to keep a ravioli together, man.
But then I wonder why that little, that little swatch has to have it because patches have
those too.
Yeah.
Well, that's like what this, like this, what are those pinking shirts?
What's the ones the zigzaggy ones, right?
That's so that doesn't fray, you know, at the end.
Maybe they don't want those to fray.
I guess not.
They probably don't.
Please continue your story.
Hey, hey, this story's full of all kinds of Easter eggs we can explore if you want.
And by the way, if you're not enjoying the show, this is all bonus content.
This is usually when we start.
That was the cold open.
So instantly, Like the alarm's going off.
And you're sick and two.
So it kind of goes red alert.
These two guys, instantly, one guy looks over and goes,
what's going on?
The guy gets like, it's beeping.
He's like, he's like, this doesn't happen.
And I'm like, uh-oh.
And the other guy comes over and he's like,
what do you mean it's beeping?
He's like, the thing is, it beeps.
I put it on his hand and it beeps.
And he's like, OK, sir, you have to come with us.
And so they walked me all the way around the line,
like to the front of the line, took all my shit through
security, put it on a belt.
So I go in front of the line, OK,
they're going to find out a secondary thing
that I didn't make a bomb today.
And I'm going to have to get to go.
Meanwhile, guess how many fucking bombs can get through?
Well, that's happening.
Anyways, quick note.
So I guess we're going to go, they open up everything,
all my stuff, and take everything out.
And they wipe everything down with another little ravioli.
I don't know how many raviolis they went through on this.
But you could have had a lovely Italian meal then.
Get a nice sauce.
So then they take me into the sanctum sanctorum,
this little private room.
They go, we're going to take you in this room,
and we're going to have to give you a full search,
a full pat down.
And I'm like, OK.
And they go, but there's going to be two of us in the room.
I'm like, OK, tell me why.
Because it's so someone is watching to make sure
that nothing he knows, whatever.
But they both really got in there, man.
They were like, I'm going to be touching you
right on your situation.
And it was fucking romantic.
I'm like, you guys do work here, right?
It was so hard not to crack a joke in there.
I'm just like, wow.
What you can't do, because that's how they get you.
Yeah, exactly.
That's how El Kano will slip up.
They'll make a funny, funny joke.
Like, don't be like, oh, knock, knock.
Who's there?
Kaboom, boom.
It's like, OK, you're being awfully
chipper about this whole thing.
Step over there.
We're not profiling, sir, except for just based
on your wordplay.
Yeah, so I mean.
I don't want to say he lingered on my dick,
but it certainly, it wasn't cursory.
It was, it was, it was, it was thorough.
So that's a third base, I think.
And if you were, if you were, if you were told,
and I don't think, I don't think the guy was like hover
boarding through the X-ray machine toward the cockpit.
I think, I think he was probably literally,
I'm going to guess, if I know Wiz Khalifa.
He was going to.
I'm pretty sure he was probably in ticketing.
You know, he was probably hovering at the kiosk where
you get yourself checked in.
And he was probably like, I love, I love the holla.
I love the holla.
Because he really, because these are the two things I really
like about this guy.
27 years old, covered in tattoos.
Looking at him, he's the old white man's worst nightmare.
You definitely want him off your lawn before anybody else.
But very, very, very, very, very soft, turns out very,
very soft-spoken and very, like, he's Henry David Thoreau.
He's like, he acted in total civil disobedience.
He's just like, no, I don't want to get off my hoverboard.
I don't understand what's happening.
Am I being arrested or detained?
And then, you know, they slam him to the floor.
And they're just like, stop resisting.
That weird voice they use, they sound like lizards.
Stop resisting.
And he just keeps going, I'm not resisting, sir.
I'm not resisting, sir.
I mean, he's probably done it a thousand times.
And he was tweeting about the whole thing.
I'm going to guess with that, I've
pet peeved of mine that police insist on calling
everything a vehicle.
Just say car.
Yeah.
Get out of the vehicle, sir.
Well, Jeff, what you have to understand
is that at this point in time that they have to speak longer
so that they can take longer to figure out
what it is that they're trying to say
at this particular juncture.
Yeah.
So they figured out, there's like, what's Styrofoam words?
Because they can't go, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, bad driving?
Ticket here.
I was like, they probably, they pound that into their heads
for the entire six weeks you are trained to, uh,
to then walk into the public with a gun.
They, during that six weeks, they tell you, uh,
these people are animals, and you have to, uh,
you have to hold a chair in front of you,
but you're not allowed to hold a chair because of these fucking
lawyers.
So your chair has to be your attitude.
You know, you have to, because if you turn your fucking
fucking people will just rip your skin off and wear it
like a fucking hat, you know, they're just waiting.
They're just waiting.
Oh, they'd love it if you didn't show up for work tomorrow.
They would just, oh, they'd eat all the ice cream.
They'd be hoverboarding everywhere.
They'd never stop hovering.
And among the many hilarious things
that Mr. Khalifa pointed out, or I call them whiz,
because I feel like we're friends,
is that in two years, the cops are
going to be riding these things all over.
That's what, this is going to be their new thing.
There's going to be hover cops fucking like whizzing around.
And he said, it'll probably be one that I designed,
which I thought was weird.
But then I thought, you know what?
He's probably a stockholder of the fucking hoverboards.
Now he's even more my hero.
He's a fucking marketing genius.
Yeah.
He probably paid the cops.
See now, was it just a big, was it just a big commercial stunt?
If it was, it's the kind of commercial I approve of.
But anyways, I like them.
Let's invite them on the show.
Well, I tweeted at them, so usually that
ends with people coming on the show, right?
I tweeted at them.
I saw your face in the news, and your hoverboard problems.
I didn't say blues, because I didn't want to do it
on the nose rhyme.
And I know this isn't you singing in that song
from Fast and Furious.
But the next part is probably you.
Yo, yo, it seems like back in the day,
you were at LAX in the usual passenger way.
You tried to hoverboard your way through the usual way.
But the cops and the cops and the hoppers and the hoppers
and the lop-a-dops.
And when you come on our show.
You know what's amazing?
Those lyrics are as true today as the day they're in.
People be talking about, so talk about how about going out.
I can't do it.
Lots of things are happening in various ways.
All right, so they're panicking about, well,
this is from our international correspondent, Irish Aaron
McGathey.
She's a show's texting with her today.
We only have a little window, because of the time difference.
So we try to pack a lot of communication in.
But the Irish are actually a little bit concerned
about Donald Trump.
They think he's going to win.
And they're like asking her, because she's
the American ambassador.
They're like, he's not going to win, is he?
So it's going to make people with red hair
look bad all around the world.
That's what they're scared about.
And I told her, as I said, tell them
that the media has been more globalized
over the last couple of years.
So everything seems to be happening sooner and more
sincerely.
But this is usual year from the election pre-circus.
I mean, we lucked out with this guy.
He's fucking amazing.
But if you step back and look at it
as the Republicans and Democrats functioning
as one organization, which they literally do,
and that does not mean that health care and all the issues
that they break down microcosmically
are not important to human beings,
I'm just saying these guys literally
are a single, quality corporation.
They run the debates.
They run the election.
An argument could be made that they completely marginalize
the entire spectrum of political thought around the planet.
Because everybody has followed suit
with this weird duopoly dichotomy of elephants and donkeys.
I just call them bananas and cantaloupes in Bavaria.
I don't know what that.
Oh, they's all the pudding party.
There they go again.
And it's like, I think you learn this from us.
There's this Coke Pepsi thing that
evolves if your empire is perfectly comfortable.
And it just turns into this kind of just standard kind
of like, well, we don't really want to change anything.
But here's our two moods.
We want everybody to be happy.
I'm not going to do anything about it.
So let's run those two thoughts against each other.
And the good news about that is it's Trump-proof.
He's not going to get elected.
These people, they wouldn't let a third party
come near the possibility.
Before that happens, Seattle will explode when Trump's in it.
And then people will be like, I don't know, it's a weird coffee
explosion.
It's part of global warming.
And the city blew up.
And so Trump's dead.
I mean, they don't have to do that though.
I think it's going to have to get pretty sloppy
before this is all done.
But that's why they're giving him a year.
Like, that's what it's all about.
This is a ritualistic murder of a guy who's unauthorized.
I think it's sad that he functions,
that he registers as anything.
All this guy is as a friend of your dad's.
Like, he's not even, like, Bernie Sanders
should be the one that's raising a stink, and he is.
But he's raising it in a boring way.
But people are so into, and yeah,
his hair is very interesting.
And he does say things like, on the view when he was taught,
this is an old quote.
But now people are like, people are so concerned
that Donald Trump is going to win,
that they're really coming at him in a kind of like,
he's the anti-Christ, like, as if he hasn't been,
as Spencer said today at dinner,
I feel like Donald Trump's been running for president
for 30 years.
And it's just now getting traction.
He has, though, right?
That's all he's ever been doing is going like,
I'll tell you what I would do to it.
I'll tell you why I'll do it.
I would put me in charge, and here's why.
My air conditioning works.
I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go, I'll go.
And now, all of a sudden, it's just this particularly
boring election, and who cares?
But anyways, I forgot what I was going to say.
The view.
Oh, he said on the view like a couple of years ago,
Aaron sent me this quote.
He said, because he was taught,
they were asking him about his daughter, Ivanka,
being in Playboy, or whether she would be in Playboy.
And he said, I don't think.
Now, quotes suck, like he quoted,
you're quoted on a context.
I'm sure he was very charming and self-effacing about this.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
But the fact of the matter is,
what he said was, and I don't think my daughter, Ivanka,
I don't think she would do that,
in reference to her posing for Playboy.
Although she does have a very nice figure,
I've said, if Ivanka weren't my daughter,
perhaps I'd be dating her.
Whoa!
Oh!
Just to, just to split this hair.
Now, I know you, the weird thing about this is, like,
what is it?
What is that reaction, like, in a cartoon,
we would look out and the whole audience
would have Trump hair all of a sudden.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I'll tell you the two parts of that joke
that are fun to analyze.
It's the, because, because I can picture myself.
I like the gross incest and pedophile part.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I can picture myself putting my foot in that same mouth,
like if I had a daughter and someone brought that up
to me, like, in Trapp, but, but, but, but the things are,
the word figure is weird
because it evokes actual, her actual physical tissue.
Like, like it's not saying, she's pretty, or she, you know,
Yeah, he's talking about tips and ask at that point.
Yeah, she has a nice figure.
Like her boobs look good, like her ass looks like something
you would want to touch, is in that word figure.
And then the real murderer is, I've said,
like he's quoting himself.
He's not putting his foot in his mouth.
He's taking his foot out of his mouth and going,
you know what I always say?
A daughter fuck a day keeps a doctor alive.
And you know what?
You're going to read me misquoted on that
in previous things, and I'm setting the record straight.
I got a hot daughter, and she's good to go.
I got bumper stickers.
I've got posters, bumpers.
I've been very, very candid about this.
I said, I want to be, does the people
think I didn't say this?
Because it's not newsworthy.
Well, I'm telling you, my daughter's hot.
I've said it.
Also, the extra little cherry and peanut sprinkle
on top of that gross Sunday is the idea that, OK,
let's say you weren't your daughter,
but the presumption being that this hot woman would date you.
Like, well, we'd be dating.
I should actually be in the bag.
Well, this is where I'll split the semantic here.
If Donald Trump were a guest on the show, hope, hope, hope.
Fuck.
Or if anybody that chose to take that side for whatever reason,
in other words, to be the devil's advocate.
But there's not another side to the issue,
but there is just the mitigating factor
that I realized when I was reading more about that quote.
Because I thought it might just be a fabricated quote
that somebody just made up.
Because it's kind of believable that he would say that,
but also unbelievable to say.
Anyways, he said it on the view, and you read the larger
context, and you're kind of like, all right, in his mind,
his bit is that he's often lampooned for dating young women.
It's like, you know me, old young fucker.
It's funny, because all the fucking I do with young women,
it's to the point where the young women I make by fucking,
I'd fuck them.
I know, I know.
Dean Martin drinks, and I do that.
Like, in his mind, he's like, that's my gimmick,
and I'm giving myself the raz.
Like, because he's talking to the view women,
he's like, I know, ladies, before you even talk,
before you even start lampooning me for my weaknesses,
allow me to pierce myself to my own Achilles heel.
I do fuck a lot of young women.
My daughter is very beautiful, so the dot
is easy to connect there, that if she weren't my daughter,
she'd probably be one of the women I fucked,
because of my flaws.
All right, well, it's good to give equal time to Donald Trump.
He hasn't been in the media a lot,
so that's the beauty about podcasting,
is you get to hear things that you wouldn't hear
at other places.
All right, the raccoon is back eating my dog food,
but I think I've dealt with that by closing the app.
Same raccoon, you think?
Oh, I don't know about that.
I think they multiple.
I mean, you just know recognizable features
on this raccoon?
No, oh yeah, like a bandit mask and opposable thumbs.
No, no, no, no, I literally haven't seen it,
but I've seen its paw prints in the water
around the spilled water discharge.
Like Harvey has to hold vigil, and he goes and barks at it,
and then I see the paw prints.
So then I started closing the doggie door after a certain time.
If I close it too early, Nigel will piss on the floor.
I found out.
Harvey just got me right on the shoe the other day.
I came in the door, he rolled over on his back,
and I sort of pet in his belly, and just a little rainbow
of pee right on my shoe.
That, I'm hoping, is his steroid medication
for his ear infection, which maybe was still
weakening his bladder or something, I hope.
I hope he's not.
I hope it's not.
And I don't even want to say what I hope it's not,
because then if Erin's listening to that,
because I hope it's not like anxiety from Erin being gone.
That could be.
No.
I mean, it's Occam's razor because that's
how I react to her being gone.
Yeah, I was pissed on my shoe so many times.
I may as well just lay in my bed and I piss on my own stomach,
because I'm like, well, who was I not doing this for?
She's in a different time zone.
Like, not only is she a different country,
but her time is different.
She's looking at a sun when I'm looking at a moon.
I can pee on myself.
Finally.
Are you getting a lot of video game play in while she's away?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Is that fine?
You enjoying it?
Yeah, very much.
Far Cry 4 much?
Sure, sure.
But I actually like Far Cry 4 is so potentially
addictive that I've actually been playing Grand Theft Auto 5
for some reason.
Like, I don't know what it is.
I just follow my cravings.
But I've been playing Grand Theft Auto 5 lately.
I kept that sweatshirt on for too long
and I told you guys last week, I'm hotter up here.
I'm not fatter.
Or if I am fatter, it's not.
It's healthy fat.
It's not coming out of me in the form of liquid.
If I was sitting where you were sitting,
I would look like James Bond.
Yvonne Craig, we lost Yvonne Craig, TV's Batgirl
from the Adam West series.
Wow.
What do you say about that?
Nothing funny.
No.
And also, nothing particularly sincere,
because the true, sincere way in which she's a part of my life
is the awakening of my sexuality.
And it seems offensive to do that over someone's grave.
I was like, whoa, thanks for giving me my first boner.
Just throw a little dirt.
Feels wrong to do that.
Yeah, but you can be honest with yourself about that, you know?
I mean, you know what it is?
Don't address her as if you're, like, just say,
it's sad when people die.
We miss you, stranger, who we never knew, personally,
speaking of which, her image on the TV screen when I was,
you know, six or whatever.
It's like, it was the first dopamine spike in my head.
You saved us for the view, man.
I've often said.
I hope that Aaron and I have a beautiful redhead daughter
that'll dress like Batgirl, because knowing me,
no, I'm making fun of myself, I'll fuck her.
No, I'm making fun of myself.
I'm always fucking redheads.
My daughter was a redhead.
It's called self-deprecation, guys.
That's his idea of a joke making fun of himself.
He's not too smart.
When he says he's often said it, does that
include to her over breakfast?
And is it there for any wonder that she's not a violinist,
you know, that she's just?
Everybody be perfectly still.
We have a mythical creature in the room.
It's the ghost of LA Philharmonic stereotypes.
That was so cute.
I feel like that person.
Was that a man or a woman that made that laugh?
It was you.
Are you a violinist, or are you just confused by my logic?
Oh, OK.
Interesting.
Is it your favorite, I mean, to his credit,
his face is kind of bright red right now.
It's very charming.
That was a sincere sound.
He didn't mean to take the spotlight.
I was saying, well, I'll tell you now,
since you put yourself out there,
I will put myself out there.
I guess in the moment when I was riffing was,
and maybe if we picked this apart,
we'll probably find out that I'm sexist somehow.
But I was saying, like, if you're
eating breakfast with a guy that talks like that to you,
because isn't she like a model?
I don't know the first thing about her.
I thought she was also like a business person.
All right, fine.
Fine.
See, I'm sexist.
I thought she was a model.
That's the end of that story.
I didn't think, as me, I didn't think
it was possible for her to be anything else.
I don't get the Philharmonic stereotype joke.
What does that mean?
Well, that's not going to pull up if you pick it apart.
OK, I just thought you were connecting something.
My joke was, but it wouldn't make sense
that it was the ghost of LA Philharmonic Stereotypes.
My joke was that that was an entity in the crowd
that was tired of violinists being stereotypes.
You understand what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
But the ghost of stereotype doesn't make any sense.
So you caught me again.
No, no, I just thought I was missing something out.
Maybe it shouldn't be a free podcast.
What if we made it free, but if you
wanted to listen to episodes older than a year,
you had to pay $5 a month?
Yeah, Dustin, high five.
Yeah.
No, we're not going to have any cross-label shit talk tonight
because if our special guest is here, is he here?
Oh, cool.
Great.
Our special guest has an ear-wolf podcast,
so now you've done it.
It's not anymore?
Wait, what?
It's not an ear-wolf anymore.
Oh.
Now who's being the brash?
That's not the word.
Kazing!
Yeah.
Ham-fisted.
That's the word I was looking for.
Is he just wandering now?
Is he a free agent?
Well, yeah, ask me.
OK, because we'll poach his ass.
We'll scoop him up.
That's easy for us to do.
Now, pianist guy, what's your name?
Barton Lewis.
Barton Lewis and Barton Lewis.
And the guy next to you, what's your name?
Julia.
You seem to know a lot about this.
Do you work with Horatio?
I'm one of his best.
I think they're part of his team.
They're how we were able to connect them.
Oh, great.
Welcome to the show.
Thanks for getting them for us.
Well, let's bring them up.
I totally blew the reveal on that.
Yeah, yeah.
There could be any Horatio.
We don't know what Horatio I'm talking about.
Right, so I didn't hear you say Horatio,
but now fuck Jesus.
Horatio Cummings, everybody.
Maybe it's a hornblower?
Horatio Hornblower.
Oh.
I forgot your mic.
Maybe it's a fifth Ninja Turtle?
It's more important to introduce the kind of like,
I think one of the things that we're going to be talking to them
about, I hope, I hope to, is at least once on this show,
and then I know on Doug Love's movies,
we've talked about our fascination with this movie,
Boat Trip.
And it was, you know, I was looking at the Wikipedia entry
and looking at the, you know, you click that reception header
and it comes down and it's like, it is a kind of historically
critically panned movie.
It takes its place up there, but it's one of those movies that's
so, it's fascinating and confusing in a lot of parts.
And so we have talked about it.
And I say that without fear of being petty because he didn't
write it or direct it or anything.
Now I feel like the writer or director is going to kill
himself, but they probably, the bottom line is movies are
flukes and God only knows what happens.
But he'd heard me talking about it or someone heard me talking
about it on Doug Love's movies.
Somebody got in touch with somebody.
DeMorge Brown was involved somehow.
Something happened and they were like, he should come on the
show and I think he was game, either that or he's just the
nicest guy in the world and was just like, why is everyone
telling me to come here and now it's mean?
But I think he was involved too and was like, yeah, I want to
come and talk about it.
Anyways, at any rate, it'll be interesting to talk to him
about anything because he's been a part of the comedic
wallpaper for over a decade.
He's a founding member of, the right word, like he was down
there in the trenches when Upright Citizens Brigade was
just an actual downright non-citizen brigade.
And he was on SNL for years and years and years and years.
And then he was in Bo Tripp and all kinds of other stuff.
But let's bring him out and get to know him.
Horatio Sanz is here.
Sorry about my horrible introduction and sorry in advance
for my bad interviewing.
Well, no, I'm glad you explained everybody what was
happening.
Are you being sarcastic because I did want them to know.
No, no, I'm not.
I'm glad that you did, actually.
Yeah.
But I'm not even sure, can you catch us up on your part?
Because I haven't talked to you about this until now.
I didn't see you in the green room, for instance.
So I don't know, were you ambushed or did somebody urge you
to do this?
Or were you listening to Doug Love's movies?
What was this?
No one heard it and then he's actually working on the podcast
I'm working on.
So he's like, you should listen to it and then you should go on
it.
And then I listen to it and now I'm here.
All right.
Forgive me, Horatio.
What is the name of your podcast?
The Horatio.
Ah.
Oh, I just got that.
Real nice.
Yeah.
I really did.
A lot of people just get it.
That's why it's hard to find.
But it is the word hooray and then show and then at the end,
you know, you go, oh, I get it.
Horatio.
Wait.
Now I just got the show part.
No.
A lot of levels.
I'm working on a lot of levels.
I thought the hooray was enough.
Oh, yeah?
And then the last part is show.
No, it's like making your whole name.
Yeah.
You should do a podcast.
I do.
And it's not on Ear Wolf as we were reminded by another associate
of mine, Julia.
But you know, you can, I don't know if I'll get yelled at this,
but make them a Feral Audio podcast.
Okay.
Good.
There we go.
Thank you.
Welcome to the Feral Audio Network.
It's, we have, we have.
Are we just absorbing him right now?
We have a potluck every Thursday.
That's a little high maintenance, but like only, only if your, only if your downloads
are below a certain number, are you actually expected to bring like potluck stuff?
Like I, I just show up and fucking shit.
Like Duncan Trussell makes.
I'm like, what's this?
So, okay.
So I don't, I mean, there's a million things we can talk about.
Well, we, we should really talk about the boat trip.
The boat trip.
Yeah.
I mean, but I feel like, I feel like once we get there, it's going to be weird to segue
out of it.
So I just.
No, no, it'll be fascinating.
You'll love it.
I just do want to say one thing.
I am here because they're releasing it on a criterion collection, a lot of cool audio
commentary with me and Cuba.
We have the ex-wife of Roger Moore, who's going to provide some commentary.
So it's all good.
The one other thing because I'm going to forget it.
If we start talking about boat trips.
So I just want to say the other piece of trivia is that you literally stole took.
You didn't steal because it didn't belong to me.
You were, you, it was down to me and you for the role of the Manny on, in the motherhood.
You won.
I won the, I won the larger war.
Yeah.
How many, how many episodes did it run, but it was, it ran seven.
It was like, I somehow made it through this weird gauntlet of people that, that, that
must have been actually, I remember Besser was, was in some of the early auditions and
callbacks and stuff.
And then I, and then I, I was like, wait, what, they're, I think I, I think I might
be like in the running and they just brought you in at the last minute.
And then I was like, Oh God, they hate me.
I'm fucked.
Cause, cause they were like, Oh, just, they, they, they, they thought of you and found you
and brought you in.
And it was obviously like, you had gotten the part because before that I was slipping
through the cracks undetected.
And then I saw you and I was like, Oh boy, they found a professional actor.
No, I remember, I remember that, that time I heard you were a great guy and, and, but
I do remember that I felt that you were a little nervous.
Oh yeah.
So I kind of was like, okay, cause I didn't know who you were, but when you ever, whenever
you're getting into those situations, you're either the type of guy who thinks you can
twist the other guy around, right?
Or you're the guy who's just like, uh, no, no games was, you know, and so I thought we
actually were very pleasant to each other.
Oh yeah.
Sure.
Cause I will be in that, that I was like cool under fire, but I definitely was not going
to be at the level where I'm like thinking of how I can psych Horatio Sansa of the part.
I was, I was just like, yeah, I was just, yeah, playing, playing in simple nervous.
And I really was like, I, I, I be, because I was like, you know what, he's right for
this part.
He's been on SNL.
I'm done.
Like I really thought I was going to like coast in under the radar because I'm, you know,
I'm not, I'm not fishing for anything.
I'm not, I'm not from that world.
I'm not an actor.
And I can't, I can't believe that, that world, that being an actor in particular, which is
one of the thousand things we could just talk about nothing else, this idea that you're in
charge of everything, but you control nothing.
Like you, how do you deal with helplessness and the ego crushing like, do you keep a penny
in your pocket and just press it into your palm or, uh, luckily I do a lot of improv.
So I get to kind of write my own stuff through, through improv.
Uh, so that kind of keeps you from going a little crazy, but, um, and now, now I'm at
a time where I don't have to take stuff if I don't really like it.
So, um, I do, I do well enough not to have to be homeless.
You're, you're, you're definitely, and this is where we can get, maybe I'll be prying
or whatever, but, but what I've heard kind of the legend of you, you're, you're, you're
actually born in, in, in Chile, but you're, you're, you're from Chicago and all the ways
that matter, including the fact that you were like a, you were a party guy, like you could,
you had a wooden leg or what do they call it, how a leg, you could, you could, you
could knock back the, the sauce like, yeah, yeah, I was really good.
Yeah.
Um, and, and, and then you, and then you just, and then you quit and this, and it's not a
fluke.
You lost a hundred pounds and like you, you've credited it to, to changing that about your
lifestyle and all that stuff.
And like you look like you're 25 now and like, and it's been that way for a long time.
So I don't, I don't have to worry about me pointing that out, like knocking you off
the wagon.
No, no, no.
Yeah.
It is that it is a, it was that, and it's different, um, to, to go around and be, uh,
different looking, but it's, it's kind of great cause I think I'd be dead if I didn't
do it.
Did you stop drinking?
Uh, like 10 years ago, I think.
Yeah.
Cause I think I've, I've been out like, we used to drink a lot.
We used to like rust, rust again days.
Yeah.
You used to carry a case.
I did.
I'm at the executor.
Yeah.
He had a case with, with shock glasses and absinthe.
This is cool.
Like 1950s, 60s, like mad men kind of things.
Yeah.
And you open up in their velvet line and there's little tumblers and ice spoons and whatnot
and they're really groovy.
Really cool.
And the level of, like it's called the dipsomaniacs delight.
That's, that's, that's not one of the old ads for the executor.
What is it?
Dipsomaniacs was out of the fifties word for alcoholic or what was the, I guess, is it,
is it a drinker?
Yeah.
A heavy drinker.
A compotator.
Um, are you, are you, are you, are you truly, truly like cold turkey sober or did you just
go like, okay, this isn't going to be my lifestyle anymore?
Is there, is it possible?
I, I went cold turkey and then I went to AA meetings for a while and, uh, and they were
kind of fascinating because the characters were just, uh, insane, uh, really.
And I kind of almost got addicted to going just to see the people tell their stories.
Cause, you know, they're always just like, and then, uh, when I was blowing that cop,
I was like, enough, enough, you know, and I really had to take account of what I was
up to.
Yeah.
Fucking good.
And then there's this guy, this guy who, who talked like this, you know, and I'm not
going to say anything about it.
You know, I just like, you know, I did it this girl.
I'm not going to, yeah.
Hey, you know what?
I hit her once.
Okay.
I got that.
And then there's just like this fucking alcoholic is in there just talking about beating up
ladies and everybody's like, come on now, that's beyond being an alcoholic, just a fucking
maniac.
Um, all right.
So boat trip, boat trip, let's go back because I want to get lost in this.
All right.
So let me just say right now, um, who wrote the film?
I sometimes when I talk about this movie, there is a little pride in it and it also is a lot
of shame.
Uh, and one thing I feel too right now is like, I start giving people's names out.
It's like, it's like the Nuremberg trials, you know, who else, who else was involved?
Uh, like your, your agents on the back, did you tell them that you changed agency?
And in fact, I did.
I know a couple of the writers are rumored to be hiding in Argentina to this day.
Very, very nice guys.
One of them, um, the director was, um, a very nice man called Mort Nathan and he was kind
of, he had rounded up a, a cadre of writers from, from where he worked, which was the
golden girls.
So the guy who writes for the golden girls, I'm like, well, golden girl's pretty good.
Mitch Hurwitz worked on golden girls.
Yeah.
No worries there.
Oh, and then, uh, keep a good junior.
Like you had mentioned on the podcast, he'd won Oscar and then 30 seconds later made this
movie and sank his career.
It felt like for him, nine, nine movies came out at the same time.
It's almost like he somehow like the, the, like they rushed, uh, Jerry McGuire out or
something and it actually was made, wait, I'm not, I'm not, I'm getting my timeline
right.
But it was just weird cause it was like boat trip and talking dogs and like, like, like
he was a guy that found a genie in space and like, like it all came out like, um, it felt
like it came out a month after Jerry McGuire.
Anyway.
Yeah.
And I think, I think at that time after the Oscar, I think he had this thing where it's
like just wire $3 million into my bank account.
And if it's there in the morning, I'll meet you in Italy and we'll make this movie.
Um, it was that kind of thing.
And to understand why you have to understand the tragic story of Cuba, good and senior.
Yeah.
He was a revolutionary.
A lot of people call them Cuba batting.
Uh, that's how I heard his like, please do you, you keep talking please and no matter
how bad the story gets, it won't matter cause I'm using chicken, chicken, chicken times.
Um, yeah.
So it was, I think the summer of, um, 99, I think maybe I remember having to, I remember
I was asked to promote boat trip, um, a week after 9 11, um, they were like, just come on
and take pictures.
I'm like, dude, it's 9 12.
I don't really want to be on a plane and I'm like, it's not that I'm afraid that right
now every plane is going to blow up, but I don't want to be in a plane thinking about
the fact that two days ago I saw the second tower collapse in lower Manhattan.
Um, so that's just a little side note.
Um, there was, there was a looming writer strike.
Do you remember this?
Yeah.
Yes.
So you had already made the film or you had not made the film?
I had not made the film.
I'm going back.
I had to promote it, but, but go back to whatever it was, 99, uh, there was going to be a writer
strike that summer.
So everybody was like, you got to do a movie, you got to do a movie.
And this was one of those movies, one of those, you got to do a movie because they might
not make another movie for two years and you're going to be back in a cell and you can only
do it in this window.
So Cuba Gooding, uh, the script was pretty bad when I first read it, but I was told that
I would be able to help rewrite it and I didn't get a chance to do that.
Um, it's just not allowed to do that.
It's weird.
Someone in a show business kind of pulled a trick on me.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Um, we're just like, they just didn't even realize what they were saying.
Sometimes I feel like agents, I hesitate to say my agent who I've trusted for like almost
20 years, but like all agents, like they, it's not that they're lying as much as it is.
Like they just don't, their priorities are so skewed that they don't, they don't know
that they're lying.
Maybe they don't, they don't want to think about them.
You're right.
Yeah.
They just, they are convinced when they tell you that the right thing to do is this or
that.
Like they do, they, they, because they have lots of mythology to back them up.
Like they're like, you know what, you know, who's picky about his roles, Hitler, I don't
know.
Like they offered him a, he would have been like Johnny Weissmuller.
They were looking for a new Tarzan and Hitler passed because he thought it would be tacky.
You know what's tacky?
Killing six million Jews.
Absolutely.
So anyways, are you enjoying the flat bread?
I love this place.
That was, I'm sorry.
I was in the scene.
I was, I was your agent.
Are we set?
My space wreck was so good that a UCB guy was like lost.
Or it was so bad that a professional professor was like, why are you do so good?
I thought someone had flat bread over here.
I'm like, that's, that's weird.
These guys are eating flat bread.
All right.
So sorry.
I don't know why I keep interrupting.
Like I'm like, they won't know it's my show.
Tell the story of boat trip.
Let me shut the fuck up.
So I get a call and they're saying that, well, if you don't do it, Artie Lang is going to
do it.
And, and then they're like, Roger Moore is in it.
And I was like, fuck, I love Roger Moore.
He was my bond, you know, my age coincides with that bond.
So I'm like, I'll be able to do scenes with, with my bond.
So I, I slept on it and I had a dream where Abraham Lincoln, this is no lie.
In this dream, Abraham Lincoln says, um, don't do things for money.
It's all I ever did.
Now I'm on two kinds of them.
I, if I had held out, I jumped on the penny.
I didn't know the $5 bill was going to get pitched to me.
I said I wouldn't talk.
No, no, please do.
Cause there has to be funny things talked about.
Abe Lincoln, Abe Lincoln said, don't do things for money.
And that's your, that's your Abe Lincoln voice who's never been recorded.
So we don't know, but that's your, I prefer that it's not like, like, like, like, um,
Minnie Mouse or something, you know, they say you had a high pitched.
Yeah.
But I want to talk to you.
He talked like David.
No.
Can we talk to your Abe Lincoln just for a little bit more?
I just want to like, like, I'm your roommate.
Like, uh, I don't know how I worry.
Uh, listen Abe, the, um, the lint trap in the machine, the dryer fills up.
So after every load, you have to like clean it out.
Oh, that's good to make bedding, right?
You're from a more, you're from a more resourceful time.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
We'd sleep two to a bed, um, you know, I'd prefer if we didn't, but I noticed you did
last night and I'm not homophobic.
There is another bedroom in the apartment for you.
Yeah.
And I like it.
I like it.
I like that you're free about stuff.
Yeah.
You know, where I'm, where I'm from, slavery was cool.
Um, oh, that's, uh, no, it's not, um, so things, you know, things change.
So I'm really, I'm really happy with like, you know, this gay marriage situation.
We couldn't dream of doing that when I was with old Mary Todd, you know, although I did
kind of broke your heart.
I must have kind of broke your heart when Horatio made that movie.
Oh, Lincoln.
No.
Are we in the present right now?
Are we back?
Didn't you, didn't you say you transported into Horatio Sands's dream last night and
warned him not to do things for money?
And I read it.
I just read the trades today.
He's he ignored me.
He's doing it.
He's doing a sex farce in Germany with German people.
You took, you took such, I've never seen you Abe in the, in the six months we've been living
together, uh, since we met through Craigslist, uh, I've never seen you take such an active
interest in a modern, uh, American performer.
Like I, I, uh, what was it about you and Horatio?
Well, it's just the right time, you know, like, oh, I know he's from Illinois.
I'm from Illinois.
Oh, that's one of this.
Yeah.
And he was in some drunk Ambien haze and was like, uh, Lincoln, what should I do?
I told him, I told him what I would do.
So, okay, okay, ending the, ending the scene, but because that's a really interesting concept.
So when this is because this is really actually true for what we understand of psychology,
unless you believe the ghost of Lincoln came to your dream.
I don't.
The funnier, the more, the more poetic truth is that in your mind, you saw my mind was
figuring it out for me.
It was doing it.
You conjured the icon of integrity.
Yeah.
I wanted, I created this, this character in my brain to tell me in my sleep to not do
this movie.
And I ignored it, but, but, but yeah, and I, I, I, I could spend the next half hour, uh,
like, you don't need to be left off the hook for that, right?
Like, you don't feel, you don't feel like you made like a bad, like, do you feel bad
about it?
I do feel, no, I feel bad about, uh, I feel bad that it's a joke, um, no, please, no.
But it was much like when I played a mariachi on Saturday Night Live, you know, I was like,
it's okay because people see me in other things.
So boat trip has become okay because I've done many other things where I've been able
to be funny and, and, and happy with what I did.
Uh, people still come up to me and tell me about boat trip, um, mostly Puerto Rican and
black people, um, in New York, they all love that movie.
Um, and also when I went, um, I did a show in Iraq and, uh, and, uh, the soldiers told
me that part of their welcome bag was boat trip.
So, so I have a lot of fans in Iraq and I signed a bunch of boat trip DVDs.
Uh, but that was kind of fitting also that I was in Iraq and just like seeing what a
mess this whole fucking thing was.
Right.
Because they were, you were there at 9-Eleven, saw the buildings collapsing and now you were
in the boat trip of the, of the, of 9-Eleven, which is the Iraq war.
Yeah.
The, the, the result of the White House not listening to Abe Lincoln.
All of this was, if I had just listened to Abe Lincoln, there would be no terrorism.
It just, this was just a string of events that happened.
Oh wait, no, I don't know how you try, I didn't mean to imply that.
I think you can correlate when I decided to do boat trip with the beginning of, of, of
the, of the terrorist planning.
No.
Um, there's a lot of conspiracies about it, but Jeff, yes.
All right, so you, you say, yes, I'll do the movie.
And uh, day one, like, how was, what, what was the vibe on the set?
Like was it, did you, did you know?
I knew pretty right away that it was, it was off.
It was, it was not working.
Yeah.
Uh, like I had to, I flew from, uh, from New York and had to be like there that morning.
So I didn't really sleep.
And then it was just, uh, what, what I thought was going to be a thing where we can like
look at the script the night before and maybe work on some scenes was just like, we do two
takes, one for you and then one where you improvise.
So, so basically, uh, we know what, what I was told wasn't happening.
So it was very, very under the gun filmmaking.
It was a half the crew was German cause it was a half German production and they, and
they hated us and we hated them.
Um, and what else happened?
Well, it's the scene cause I, uh, oh yeah, yeah.
Let's talk about the scene.
I want to know the scene when all the jizz flies out the portal and lands on, as it lands
on Roger Moore, who gets hit with the jizz?
Oh, his name is, there he is.
Sorry.
I mean, it's been a while since we've seen him.
Yes, your honor.
Hold on a second.
I'm peeking.
And was he told he was in a jizz joke?
He knew.
Yes.
But something about Mary had a jizz joke.
He had a chance to say no, uh, they asked him if he wanted to be the guy that caught
the jizz.
Uh, Eleanor Rosenfeld came to him in a dream anyway.
He was one of the writers it was on.
And so the porthole, the porthole scene, but rewinding because the, the reason he's coming
out the porthole and you kids can rent this this week, um, the, if you haven't, if I'm
not mistaken, the reason Cuba is coming out the porthole is because he, this is the culmination
of him pretending to be gay so that he can be close to this to Vivica Fox.
Is that right?
Yes.
And she starts eating a banana.
She starts eating the banana.
So the banana is the most important thing.
If a bus was coming through this wall before I got out of the way or pushed you out of
the way, I would go, but the banana.
Tell me about the banana.
Okay.
Oh yeah.
The banana.
Because I don't want to die without it.
I don't want to live without the banana in high death.
When she's eating the banana, it appears, the banana is chiseled into the, I didn't
know this, but of a debt, well, you weren't even, you know, it weren't in that scene.
And I do want to say like, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not saying this in like a, in a, I don't
know.
I feel like there's a similar, we had Dana Carvey on the show who I was like at the time
taking out on this pitch and like, like he's amazing stuff and he, he expressed so much
like, there's a, there's a sad side to this, which has nothing to do with like whether
or not, it's the, the, the idea that there's a human cost, the idea that you actually feel
still that you feel when people are like, that you feel like you, that, that, that,
that you, that you did something wrong or that you have a lower quality to your, your
worth.
Yeah.
A little bit.
Just from a choice.
Anybody might have, look at the, the reason the population of the earth is eight billion
is because everybody makes bad choices with the most, the most important thing you could
ever choose of all is whether or not you should fuck somebody and we have a 70% divorce rate.
Like, like we, we don't like, like we're, we're human mistakes.
You can't know that's not your job to know you're an actor.
Well, thank you.
It's not, it's not like a Horatio, Horatio Sands and Kuban Gooding are the, the, the,
the, the, those like you guys had a two man comedy trip and you're like, we want to make
this movie.
Right.
Even then that would have been amazing.
Yeah.
But I feel like, you know, as a, as a comedian and someone who's a social critic, I guess
just by, by, by being a comedian, you know, you, you, uh, you have to take your, you know,
you have to take your shots.
Like I, I, I could, I would still like to tell people that I care about, like this sucks
and this is why I don't like it, but it has made it a little difficult because that is
attached to me.
So in a way it's kind of humbled me in a way, um, which can't be bad.
No, no.
That could only be good.
No.
And like you said, it is true.
Like if that's what I really,
Like nobody watching that movie blames you for any of what went wrong with that film.
You're fine in it.
It's just, it's the movies.
It's the culprit here.
And so as you said, like the fact that the crew is half German, I mean, that's the, that's
the part where you start to go like, oh yeah, like, because that's how weird it feels.
Like I said, like people, it's, it's, it's not like, geely, like it's, it's, it's, which
I have never seen.
So why did I just shit all over that movie?
But I, it's a historically like, I, there's, there's stories of hubris behind, behind historically
bad movies, movies of like so-and-so thought he was such king shit that he thought he'd
do this.
This was the first time director and now we know a half German crew.
And, and, and we were shooting in, in Brussels as, we were shooting in Germany as LA.
And then when we went on the boat trip, we actually did go on a boat.
So half, half the crew was, half the people on the boat were making this film and then
the other people didn't know, so, so they were really mad that, you know, we were shooting,
you know, in the, in the hot tub.
We were closing up the hot tub in the pool and they weren't really mad at us, but, but
you weren't, you weren't on set for the banana scene.
Did you, I mean, what do you know about the banana?
The Vivica Fox is eating a banana.
The joke is that she's showing him how she, she's not actually showing him how she eats
a banana and it's ironically, like dick-sucking, she's showing him how she gives a blow job,
right?
She's, she's demonstrating with a banana.
Yeah.
That's that, that thing in a date that happens when you're on a date and the woman starts
showing you how she would blow you on a piece of fruit.
This is something women do with gay men, too, all the time.
It's like, oh, you're gay.
Well, let me just like rub my tits on you and talk about sucking dick and, um, like,
the, the, the, the, and, and, but the weirdest thing of all, like, like, which is why you
should never have to worry about the movie reflecting on you at all because it's surreal.
The whole movie from front to back is absolutely surreal.
You might as well just be in a Jackson Pollock painting, like waving, like, like, like, like,
like, like, like 10 years from now, we may find out this movie's good.
That's how fucking weird it is.
Um, the, the, but, and one of the weird things about it is the banana that she's demonstrating
a filet show on in the, the, it cuts in close and she's like looking at, and for some reason,
the prop master has shaped the head of the banana into a, like, very faithful, like,
like, like helmet of a cock.
So the joke is that somehow God created these wonderful, uh, fruit and that the, the joke
is that, look, it came out looking like a real dick.
So it's perfect.
It should be sucked on, but that's, but the, right?
Cause I don't, I actually, I don't really remember.
It's just such a weird thing to have.
I've not watched it on HD.
It's such a strange afterthought.
And then it's been so long since I've seen it, but my, my mind, then there's just a snowball
effect of wild shit starts happening and he's like trying to keep it in his pants and sublimate
his hornyness and while she turns her back, he just unleashes what I recall as being like
a half a gallon of gum.
Well, it was, if you want to know the truth, it was grosser than that cause it was a, not
a realistic amount, but like a bucket would have been then it would have taken you to
Dracula dead and loving it territory to be like, well, that's silly.
Nobody comes that much, but it was disgusting because he, he would thrust his hips out the
port hole and goes, oh, and in my, in my, in my, in my memory for no reason, just because
it seems like something that should happen.
The ship's horn goes, yeah, yeah, and then it cuts to outside and apparently the port
hole is above people who are on deck enjoying the night air.
And one of the actors has a semi realistic amount of pure white, thick, come sunscreen.
Yeah, well, it looks like sunscreen.
It really does.
Falls on his face and then they make a joke like, like, oh, there's a bird out here.
And the weird thing is, if you thought a bird shit on your face, you'd react almost the
same as if you knew a man came on your face.
But because it's come, the irony has to be there.
So they're like, oh, it's a bird, Ellie's darn birds, which you would never do if a
bird shit on your face, and it was more like that silent film, like, whereas if you had
a gigantic load like that, it would feel like a snowball in your eye.
And you'd be like, oh, I want to say, I know that the actor that it was, it wasn't Patrick,
was it?
I think a friend of mine was in there.
I can't think of who it was.
He was a second city actor who was there in the 70s, and he's, I'm sorry, I can't think
of it.
But he wrote on Golden Girls with, so he was just a guy who was hanging out as an actor
and they're like, hey, you want to do that part?
He's like, all right, fuckers, I'll do it, and then that's how it happened.
That's a good story.
I was the guy that got the jizz on the head.
And it must have been great to work with Roger Moore, because he's Roger Moore no matter
what, and he was in that movie.
Yeah, he has that Bob Saget thing, where he just says filthy things all the time, just
so that you don't think that he's the proper real James Bond.
Which you and I, the joke's on us, because we both thought Roger Moore was the real James
Bond, and then you grow up, like now we're looking back through the lens of all of our
friends who are aggregators of James Bond culture, and it's like, oh, Roger Moore was
like the Adam West of James Bond.
But you and I were like, that's James Bond.
He was the one in space.
You'd watch the Sean Connery ones, and you'd be like, ugh, I can't believe they let this
go on long enough to get their act together, with the duty to kill.
Sean Connery's not really funny in those films, right?
He's rye.
The movie's got increasingly campy with Roger Moore's influence, and he was the saint, right?
Yeah.
That's, Roger Moore is like, he's the guy who kind of coincided with the gadgets, right?
Moreover, they had gadgets in the Sean Connery movie.
I'm talking out of my ass.
Matt Gorley, well, Matt Gorley is a guest, at least.
There was always gadgets in that bit, but they weren't just camp with Connery.
He cracked a lot of jokes and one-liners, and mostly about pussy and stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, you'll eat pussy.
What was it?
I'm pussy galore.
He goes, I noticed.
Yeah, not...
How would he notice?
That's so clever.
What does that fucking mean?
Also, not even...
Oh, pussy lips are sticking out of your pants.
What?
You've got an enormous amount of pussy.
You have a truly gigantic pussy.
The funny thing would be if she called him on like, well, that's not very clever, and
he'd be like, either is your name.
I'm, yes, ending on its level.
Pussy galore.
Yeah, I noticed.
Don't make me fucking carry your weight.
You can't do better than pussy galore, and I'm supposed to be like, readal-tittle-doo.
I'm supposed to like, 20, 23 skidoo.
I'm supposed to either let that pass or come up with the world's best pussy galore joke.
Yeah.
It's not making me the bad guy in this conversation.
Your name might as well be Bucket Suck-a-Dick.
So, yeah, I noticed.
That's what you get.
I noticed.
That's what I've heard.
My name is Suck-a-Dick.
Bucket Suck-a-Dick.
Okay.
All right.
My name's James Bond.
Let's get to work.
There's the world's at stake, first of all.
Apparently, I don't know why.
The beginning scenes are always really confusing.
I did Matt Gorley, and, oh, check out the guy's name on the podcast.
It's a Bond one.
Oh, he's a go-kill-me.
Jeremy Carter.
No, not Jeremy Carter.
Matt Myra.
They do the, um...
Matt Mira.
Yeah.
And we did the podcast, and we did Man with the Golden Gun.
And there was some straight-up woman beating in that movie.
It takes a really weird turn.
He just sort of boxing this chick around.
It's like, that's not sexy.
And yet, just 23 years ago?
Super, super hot.
There was a...
Oh, never mind.
I can't remember, and then I'll fumble around for it.
So, Horatio, so the movie is finished.
How long did it take to shoot the whole thing?
Three months.
And so, you...
Was there a big screening, a big hu-ha?
Hollywood screening and all that?
Yeah, I think there was, like, around 9-11.
Like, after...
Like, this...
I think this came out the spring of, uh...
Okay.
2002.
The world was ready for a laugh at that.
They wanted it.
Yeah.
Did you approve of the idea of having the red carpet go right through Ground Zero?
Like...
I know a lot of people cited that as, like, one of the things that they were put off by.
I was like, why does the red carpet have to go through the middle of Ground Zero and
then bank back around to a theater, which is, like, a mile away?
Yeah, they said that we're actually, like, doing construction stuff in there, and we're
like, please postpone construction.
Let us have our premiere.
This is a celebration of New York.
Uh, you know, this country is the acceptance of the gay human beings, and, you know, it
was all about, like, yeah, about getting them back, is what I like to say, getting back
the Osamers that did that to us.
Can you tell whether or not that movie is homophobic when you watch it through, like,
a 2015 lens?
Because I, like, I can't remember the last time I watched it, but it was, like...
I know it was, like, in...
Well, the guy who plays a gay guy is just so, like...
He's so out of hand gay that he's wearing, like, makeup and just, like, weird...
Yeah.
Like, if he was doing a space show in the 60s, you know, that's how gay he is.
I think I made the exact...
I think that's the exact mistake I made on a community episode that was, like, early...
Like, it was...
I can't remember if it was...
I think it was season three.
And the...
Yeah, it was like...
And it was like, we want...
At our heart, we were trying...
We wanted to tell a story about, like, worlds coming together and a bigot that stops being
a bigot because he actually learns these people are human beings, blah-blah-blah.
The...
Blah-blah-blah.
This is the most honest thing I've ever said on the stage.
Yes, the truth is, I'm neither homophobic nor an advocate.
I'm just a fucking narcissist.
Blah-blah-blah.
That's the only honest thing I've ever said politically on the stage.
Blah-blah-blah in reference to an entire, like, movement.
But the mistake that we made, that I didn't even notice we were making it because it's
a sitcom and it's a half hour alarm, was like, yeah, the gay people, they read as gay.
And that was the mistake because it was part of the setup in the story sense.
It was like, well, once upon a time there was a bigot and the bigot is a cartoon of a bigot
because it's a sitcom.
And then just, you know, and what we accidentally did, because we weren't even thinking about
it, we weren't trying to create dimensionalized gay characters on our show, we just weren't
thinking about that being a failure if we didn't do that because we were just thinking,
we were just playing with tinker toys.
Oh, here's the bigot and here's the gay guy.
We're drobes here.
How should the gay guy dress?
Well, guess what?
Oh, the castings here, who should we cast as the gay guy?
That guy.
And it was all in the name of just sort of like, oh, the story will be effective if the ducks
that are teasing the ugly duckling read as ducks.
And so they're beautiful.
And the swans read as swans because it's hubris and what we found out is like, oh, shit,
the offensive thing, I guess, is like, there's a huge misstep that you could do.
A huge misstep that you could do along the way that you're not even trying to do that
actually cuts the same silhouette as bigotry, which is like, oh, you're just doing a caricature.
I mean, I don't know why I'm explaining this.
Everyone understands that part.
What I'm explaining is that I didn't understand, you know, the way why I would do that, you
know.
Yeah, well, even as a comedian trying to make fun of gay people for just funny things that
they do, you have to be very careful.
You can't just say, so I think the mistake is that if you, we see the old caricature of
a gay person on TV in the 70s, which was like completely flaming shirt, open pink, you know,
gold shoes, and then we'll think we're going to make fun of that by making that even more
ridiculous.
I think that's another mistake people make is just making it super gay because see, we
know it's a joke, but in the same breath, you have this caricature.
Yeah, the idea that, I mean, I think the mistake is like, and that I realize now is that you
have to write up to every character.
I don't know why I would violate that rule.
Like Chevy Chase's character was like, he was, to me, he's a cartoonish because he's
this, you know, he's this crazy character, but I'm also always writing up to that character.
And if a gay guy is like walking through the frame and he has five seconds to be gay and
set up a story point, like it's the challenges on me, like to construct a story where, because
if anybody's watching straight or gay, they're like, it's actually, I think the, I guess
I'd summarize the mistake as being like writers tend to, we tend to, we forget that the whole
goal is a diversification, whether or not it's silliness or like, however ridiculous
the joke is or whatever, if it's in the medium of people watching it and listening to it,
like your end goal is that they believe it's real kind of, even a pie fight.
So it's like, that's funny that it's a pie fight because why would people fight with
pies?
So I believe they're people and I believe those are pies.
Like, and so if you're, it's dangerous to like do social commentary of any kind, like
you have to rise up to that because now you're using people and groups of people as pies
in a pie fight and you have to like, no, no, no, that needs to read as like actual believable
meringue or you're going to make people, because, because, because like they can see the tin
hit the face of like those pie fight scenes.
Like now I love my metaphor.
They're like, when it's like clearly just fucking whip topping and I hate when the pie
fight, just a bunch of whipped cream.
That's, that's not a dish or shaving cream, even worse.
When they make shaving cream and how much funnier is that to get hit with a real pie
and how much funnier maybe would have, you know, there's a, there's nothing wrong with
the concept of, of, of, but there's nothing inherently offensive about, about, about that
idea at all.
It would be, it could be like a masterpiece of whatever, you could say that about anything
you could say that about.
Was there any backlash or like any reaction Horatio from gay community about boat trip?
Um, I mean, positive or negative or indifferent?
I don't think, I don't think they, I don't know, maybe, but I, I don't remember.
There was never like a big stink up.
No, cause the heart was in the right place.
My character learned that gay people were human.
Yeah.
How did it wait?
What was your character?
How does your character's arc end?
Does he, does he come out as gay or does he just, uh, accept the?
I accept gays and I think, and I end up hooking up with this, uh, this woman who lives in,
uh, in, in the hills in Sweden, uh, I find her and she's, uh, some sexy thing that for
some reason was, was there.
So I end up, it ends up okay for me.
And in some indirect way that's a, that's a reward for you accepting gays is that you
get to have a pure form of heterosexuality.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Cause there's like some kind of Swedish bikini team or something like literally lands
on the boat or something.
Yeah.
No, no.
And then you get on a helicopter, um, with your cum, with, with the whole super cum is
explained in the first five minutes of the movie, and Cuba and I eat these weird, these
weird, these weird donuts that have this stuff that we get super cum.
That's why this, no, uh, wait, where was I?
Well, you were shooting down a helicopter.
Oh, I shot down a hot.
I had forgotten that I shot this scene.
So when I saw this, I got really high and saw this movie like two years later after I
made it and I'm like, what?
I shoot down a helicopter with a flare gun.
Holy shit.
I remember having to act like, okay, the helicopter is falling.
There's a, there's nine models inside the plane of the helicopter you just shot down.
So you don't know what you're going to do.
Oh, you know, you're going to get some help or you're going to jump in the water.
And it was, uh, yeah, I just, it hit me pretty, pretty hard that I, I, I, I'd shot down a
helicopter in this comedy that we had made.
That was the bridge too far for you in that movie?
Yeah.
I mean, if you watch that, you've all the believability goes up the window.
It was really at the edge of their seats.
They're like, wow, I hope these guys figure it out.
And then after that, they're like, oh, what the hell, these guys are jokers.
So, so nowadays, and I guess this is where if, if it was like a single camera production,
it would fade down and the Chiron would say life after boat trip.
So we talk, now we talk about, uh, current things.
I don't, I thought that would be funnier.
Like there would be piano keys playing after, after the boat trip.
Uh, but, but it's like that, that leaf Garrett interview from, uh, Hollywood, each, you Hollywood
story.
Uh, you guys know about leaf Garrett and he, he got drunk and, uh, and then him and his
buddy got in the car wreck and, uh, his buddy's paralyzed.
Right.
Oh, and he, and so then he, he talks about it and he's like, I'm like, Paulie, I'm sorry
man.
I never forgive me.
And then Paulie comes out and forgives him, but he looked so fucked up from like the days
when he was a teen idol and then like, he had like a bandana covering cause his hair was
like probably half of it was gone or had been shaved by somebody.
Yeah.
He's pretty bald.
So, so yeah, that's that moment right now where I'm talking about shave his hair.
I mean, it was probably, it probably fell out, right?
Well, shave, like, like shave, like, like you're drugged out and someone's like, oh, you think
he was wearing it?
Like, uh, you thought maybe cause as soon as I saw that, I was like, oh, it's just traditional,
like, like the guy from poison, whatever, you know, it's like that bandana thing.
It's just like, like the weirdest impulses.
Can I get your take on, on the Trump's hair?
Cause I was researching today, I know it's a hack topic, but honestly, the more I read
about it, the more I'm confused, like that there's actually no consensus about what is
going on.
My theory is that he has some strands in the back, maybe that he kind of like swirls, swirls
around.
Yeah.
It's not, you might have, he might have a wig, but, um, at this point, at this point
probably it started as a swirl, now it's maybe a wig that looks just like it.
Huh.
That's an interesting, okay.
That's similar to the double combover theory, right?
Yeah.
I mean, I always thought, I always thought it was like accepted theory that I was always
kind of boggled by that it was, it was a double combover, which that, that, that it was,
that it's from the side, like a traditional one.
And then I guess from the back, like he has like, like riff-raff from, so it's like two
weather forces coming together.
And that's why it looks kind of like a basket.
Like if you look closely, like, like, but, but it, but it all flies up as one if the
wind touches it and, um, but he's not bald underneath that.
I don't, I, I, that as far as I can tell, um, I don't know.
I was researching it today because now I really want to know because of course he's our next
commander in chief and, uh, uh, watch out Ireland cause I love, I love the idea that
people in Ireland are like, I don't know if you've heard that my, my wife's in Ireland
and they're like the, the people that she's talking to, the big thing that they keep coming
back to is like, is I can't do an Irish accent, but and then, and then he tried, uh, is, is,
is Donald Trump going to win?
Like they're really, they really, cause they're, I guess that, that, that, that, that, that,
I guess there's, I guess we feel like those days are now have been here and have gone
that idea that the world is worried that a maniac will be president of America.
I was like, I was like, what, have they been paying attention for 38 years?
Like, like, like what are they, what's their worst case scenario?
You know, do they really think there's still a button that works that's going to nuke Ireland?
Like, like, like, I guess maybe some more realistic fear having to do with what the,
our ability to collapse the entire world's economy.
When they're done, like, like, like who, I don't want Donald Trump to be president,
but who gives a fuck like, like, like, like, like, like what would be the big difference
between that and a fire hydrant behind that, that desk outside of Supreme court appointments,
which Jeff's, Jeff's, Jeff's point is very well taken, that this, this next election
is kind of important when a bipartisan sense that the Supreme court justices are going
to get picked buzzkill because now when your friends, you know, when you're, you, you want
to vote for Bernie Sanders right now and now over the next year, your friends are going
to slowly one by one, they're going to turn and they're going to start, they're going
to start ralph nadering you.
You don't know what that means because you're 25.
It hurts.
I have bad memories.
Ross Perot, 92.
Your friends are going to change from third party advocates to fascist fucking bipartisan
little robots because they're going to go, you're splitting them up.
You're voting for him, you're voting for the, you're voting, you might as well vote.
And this isn't a female character, this is a male.
I'm not sexist.
And that was, and that was a difference in the election, right?
It sounded a little bit like Tay Brickston.
Wait, we don't have time to explain that.
All right, well, we usually give our guests two choices.
You can either have a double gulp or, no, you can, you can, why do I give them a choice
because that puts them on the spot?
That's too late.
You can, you can, you can stay and we're going to play a role playing game called shadow
run where you, where you, you play a character, you don't have to know anything about it.
You're just going to be a guy in the far future.
It's like a cyberpunk kind of world.
We usually get about two feet of movement accomplished and it's all, all what it really
amounts to is a half hour of your time, not, not anything other than that.
Or you can leave and we can plug whatever you want to plug and you can, you can, no,
no, hang on.
Yeah.
Let's bring out a Jamorge Brown.
Let's bring out Jamorge.
Jamorge.
I don't know if I'm reading this accurately, but I feel like there was audible reaction
to DeMorge's sexy shirt.
Bachelorette number one, that shirt is fucking legit man, that is, every once in a while
I go shopping and I go, that piece of whatever that is, I couldn't pull that off, but you
look great and that's a good, it's a good thing for you.
This will only make four people laugh that are not even in the audience.
They're watching on their laptops.
When you pick that shirt in Borderlands 2, the video game, it's called Clever Girl.
That's the title of the shirt.
There's different armors in the game and they all have themes and it looks like a Jurassic
camouflage.
No, no, no, no.
Clever Girl would be, oh, so that wasn't a real Borderlands 2 skin.
That was just, you're using Borderlands 2 as a springboard to make a Jurassic Park clothing
joke?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
See, again, it's like the Philharmonic thing from earlier, I'm still bothered by that.
You know what, guess what?
I'm not a professional entertainer, he got my part of my ABC sitcom.
I'm not a fucking entertainer, I told you, I saw him, I was like, oh great, I'm fucked.
Guys, guys, guys, please, it's just a shirt.
And I'm happy Boat Trip made you sad, because you know what, you made me sad.
You took my acting away.
That's why I'm here.
That's why you choked on your power.
I hate our audience sometimes because they're so nice and then they ruin jokes sometimes
by doing that aw, and it makes me, you know, yeah, yeah, how weird that you can conjure
it artificially.
It's almost as if it means nothing when it happens every fucking time.
Yeah, the aw is hard to come back from, the aw, and you can still kind of, you can still
get out.
I'm not being condescending, everyone in the audience is a genius, the audiences can be
just delightfully stupid because they're acting as one, that's what you want them to do.
See, that guy's a genius, if they all went, yup, that would be weird.
If you react by apologizing, which is what I always do, or like backpedaling or arguing,
they smell blood, right?
Isn't that the idea?
You're not supposed to show fear.
If you go like, hey, there's a spaghetti, and then the N word, and then they go, whoa.
And then you're just supposed to go, what are you supposed to do?
Like Greg's group goes, walk it off, fuck faces, and then he just keeps moving.
We were in Yakima, Washington, and have I told the story before?
Well maybe to me.
We were doing an improv show with like, you know, the Who's Aligned guys, me and Ryan
Stiles and Chip Esson probably.
And we were in Yakima, and Greg's coming out there, does the intro, and he's explaining
how improv works for people that don't know, and he's like, we're going to come to you
for our suggestions, so if I ask you for a name of a writer, you sir, you might say this,
and if I ask you for a name of a thing, Matt of me might say that, and he said, and if
you sir, if I was, give me an activity that you would do around the crib, and the guy
just kind of looks stare blank and goes, oh, I'm sorry, I forget where we are, sir, let's
say slang term for your domicile, like where you live, name an activity that you would
do around the trailer, and the crowd goes, oh, and Greg just goes, walk it off, Yakima.
Yeah, I don't know, it's Yakima.
I'm not the walk it off Yakima kind of guy.
No, you know, Greg can get away with paddling the audience, and they kind of like it, but
you have to.
I like to think, I like to think, I really like to think, and don't we all like to think
a bunch of dumb shit, that's not true.
I like to think that the audience is endeared by my tendency to then go, well, wait, wait,
well, I didn't mean it that way, you know, and try, because I didn't, but then I'm also
mad at them sometimes for going on, because they didn't even mean that.
It's weird how we do have a tendency to like, I noticed one time, here's a weird thing,
there's a legal term, silence is consent, but the word consent has taken on this whole,
you know, really, really powerful sizzling meaning of a really specific content.
But I remember two times in this podcast before I ever figured that out, I used the term silence
is consent, which was just more of a reference to this like legal, like I was saying, meaning
in the larger legal sense, that if you don't do, or philosophical sense, if you don't do
something about something, then it's your, you're not, you don't get a pass necessarily.
But I think it's because of the word consent, because both times if you go back through
the archives, like I go, silence is consent, and I hear people go like, like an audible
response from the crowd, as one, go like, oh, I was like, no, that's not, that's not
that, you, the word, because it's because of the word consent became part of a different
family of language recently.
Well, yeah, you're saying that, that date rape's okay as long as you don't talk.
As long as no one talks, it's all good.
Yeah, yeah, the phrase silence is consent applied to like our current conversations about consent,
not a great, not a great idea, like, like, but it's an, it's old, it's like platonic
or something, it's like, it's, it's a, it's a concept.
I think we got to the bottom of that.
And then also, you know what I don't like?
There's silence.
Why not, why aren't they always laughing?
Or applauding, or saying, I love you.
You just spent the last 15 minutes taking a big shit on them.
Why do they, why do they always have to either be quiet or reacting the way I don't want
them to?
Why can't they just react the way I want them to react?
My name is Slam Charisma.
See, I, I, I kind of feel bad because the stupidest thing is like Barton made that terrific
noise earlier on.
So, Harish, are you aware of Barton's awesome, magical laugh?
No, no.
Oh boy.
Can you manufacture it?
Can I, can I cue you and can you kind of do a fake version of it?
Tell me a garbanzo bean joke, Dan.
Okay, okay.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
He doesn't even, he can't even wait for the punch line.
Looks like Glenda the Goodwitch walking in on you while you're taking a shit.
You're like, you're like the world's happiest ghost.
I've never heard him laugh.
You work with Barton, right?
No, I don't.
Oh.
I, I didn't, I've never heard him laugh.
Oh, you called in.
Okay.
Well, thank you.
Oh, I thought you, I thought you guys were, I was just, what's the difference?
I thought, I thought they were being, I thought they were being way gratuitously like labor
law, like, like, because he was like, I called, I called in and you're like, oh, you called
in and you're like, what's the difference, Harishio?
And I was like, you're sorry, I guess, I guess, you know, he called but he was a guest
and I didn't say anything about it.
Sorry.
I'm just a fucking animal because I have on a phone.
The opposite should be true.
You can have an animal on your show that Johnny Carson ever have a chimp call in.
I can't name the times he had one right on on a tricycle.
Guest is a pirate for some reason, I guess, because Dan, what's the difference between
a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
The difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea.
You can't just say that.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, just fucking stop it because you're part of the problem.
We were in New York.
I told this joke on this, do we talk about this last time when we were shooting this
little pilot that Dan and Dina were doing, we, we were kind of like kind of just joking
with the audience, kind of keeping warm between the stuff and I went out and told this garbanzo
bean joke and I got this big laugh and then Dino was just drunk, drunk, comes like stinking
drunk, comes running up like in front of the cameras with a script in his hand.
No, no, no, no, no, no, you fucked up, you told it wrong, you told it wrong and he tells
me the joke completely wrong in my ear and the whole audience just got it and totally
loved it and then the next day we were laughing about that, we sat at a bar and I said, Dan,
try to tell the joke and I'm, I, it, it, how long, 15, 20 minutes it took?
Yeah, well, so now should we tell them what the joke is and then just explain?
Tell them the joke and then I'll tell them how you started your version.
Okay, so should I be the one to try to tell them the garbanzo bean joke?
Right now?
I think I can do it.
Do it.
Okay.
Two lines.
Take it from the top.
Martin, get ready, get ready with your mouth.
Do you understand that you've never done this under this kind of pressure?
Yeah.
The bad at telling jokes is the, is the big joke.
Me too.
Oh.
Whoa, whoa, you can't, you just talk shit about Oz if you fucking awe him.
That was, that was a very different kind of Oz.
How do we know?
How do we, what's the difference?
That was a, now we're just, all right, now we're just, all right, all right, all right.
What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea?
I don't pay $200 to have a garbanzo bean in my mouth.
Outta boy.
Time flies like a soup, but banana flies like an arrow.
Okay, so.
Fruit flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana.
Yeah, I'm sure all these jokes have their little codes.
It's, it's called the order of the words to make them funny.
Okay.
So Dan, so we're doing it and we're like, Dan, try to tell the joke and we're at this
bar in the afternoon, getting, they're getting ready to leave town and Dan goes, okay, okay,
okay, okay, I'm gonna get it.
I'm gonna get it.
All right, so, all right.
Look as we're, again, to emphasize the irony is that we're mocking Dino because Dino got
the joke wrong.
He comes up in my ear and he goes, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it has to be a girl garbanzo
bean.
Yeah.
I'm like.
That's, it's crazy.
Like, so that's, that's what we're laughing about.
He's a little fun fact.
He told me this joke.
So we're, so we're, so we're, so we're, so even though he heard the laugh, he heard the
joke where he came out.
So we're mocking Dino for making that decision.
We're like, what are you doing with it?
And then Jeff passed his, I love watching Dan try to tell a joke.
And so he goes, okay.
So a guy walks in to a prostitutes office.
And I really thought that's the thing.
A prostitutes office.
I forgot that there was such a thing as this.
And he said, I would like a sexual encounter with, with, with a lagoon or, what kind of
beans do you have, guys?
I know that there's two beans.
Okay.
So we're like prostitutes office.
I guess, okay.
The office isn't important, the guy, the guy, there's a guy, there's a guy, he's in a desert
and there's another, and he walks up to another guy and the guy says, I have two kinds of
beans.
I got, Dan, this is a two line joke.
You're like, fuck, fuck, fuck.
And so you tried for ever and ever and ever and ever to try to, okay, how can you be a
two line joke?
How can it be a two line joke?
And the answer is because you're the guy.
I forgot that that's possible in a joke.
You could just be the guy.
You could just.
So he, so he finally gives up and he's like, okay, how does the guy go, what's the difference
that you fucking died?
I was like, oh my God.
It's a riddle.
Yeah.
What have I got in my pockets?
Which by the way, I'm sure we all agree Bilbo's being kind of a asshole, right?
In that riddle competition.
Yeah, it's definitely cheated.
What have I got in my pocket?
It's not a riddle.
And that, you know, on another episode and please tell your friends to come for when
we talk about it.
I'd really like to talk about, you know, what, what, what goes into when does Sauron decide
that a ring gets to get lost?
It's fucking dumb.
Oh yeah.
Just, just decide that the ring can roll down a hill and take over the world then.
I don't like the magic in the Tolkien universe.
Yeah.
We don't like the magic in the Tolkien universe.
We think it's too spiritual and not rule driven enough.
Plot magic.
It's bullshit.
You know what's exciting?
Jackie Chan beating someone up.
You know why?
Because you can see what the rules of a shopping cart are and why it's weird to use it as
a weapon.
If two old guys are fighting with spells, it's like I want to know what their mana levels
are depleted.
You know?
And what's the rules?
Like, like, knock, knock.
Who's there?
And then it's like, weren't you glad I didn't say banana?
And you're like, that's clever.
He did magic better than the other guy, or he knows more spells, or he had a secret
spell button in his pocket, or, just give me the, give me the, give me the shit that
I came for.
Tolkien?
You'll never defeat me, Sauriman, for I have a magical spell button in my pocket.
It's a nice.
I think it's funny.
Now, a single person in this room has reacted to me the right way tonight.
Except for Barton.
And I, and I, I just, I just turn into, I don't know, Charlie Rose, what would I, what
would I turn into if you melted my evil away?
John Stuart?
Just a, just a beautiful little baby.
I am a, I'm a, I'm a big ugly baby.
I think there would be a, a handsome efficient skeleton underneath me, if, if all of my bad
qualities melted away, there'd be a little tiny, like one of those day of the dead, uh,
Mexican skeletons, like, uh, Fandango.
I think if you stripped away all the stuff of the exterior, what we've come to recognize
is just, you're excited that you'd just be made of all quartos.
You'd just be a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of little mini-quattos or whatever.
All right.
Well, uh, I guess the title of tonight's show is bullying, uh, finding, yeah, well, you
know, there's that way, you can do it that way.
I'm not stupid.
I know the different kinds of punches from the, I'm not touching you, uh, all the way
to the, to the, oh poor baby, or all punches.
The old soft boat.
I don't know if you guys have heard this term, microaggression.
That's you guys, constantly, you're a macroaggression of little microaggressions.
Yeah, I hope, I hope you're expressing real pain.
I meant, I meant it to hurt.
Bad people.
All right.
What do we, what do we, what do we, let's, let's, let's play some shadow, right?
Sorry.
Horatio.
By the way, if you do, if you do come and join the Feral Audio family, we'd love to
have you back or you don't have to, that's not conditional.
You can come, you can come, you can come back regardless of business decisions.
Thank you.
Here we go again.
We'd like to have you back and we'd like you to join the Feral Audio family and, and listen
to your podcast.
Horatio.
All right.
And DeMorge, you know, keep coming.
Oh, do we know, do, do we want to bring anybody else up?
Um, we could.
You know, I think why, we want to get a gal to come up.
How are we doing like head count wise?
I mean, I can never remember.
I'm always, I'm always fine.
I know you are, but sometimes that seems passive aggressive.
Well, you know, I think that's your projection.
You know, that's just, uh, that's your, your dream or whatever.
I think you're for agreements.
Callie, you want to come up?
Can we, let's get Kali Kazoo, the woman who made the music that you've been hearing
all night long.
Oh.
Kali Fontecchio.
What's the name of the new record again, Callie?
Contrary to popular belief.
And where can these people listen to that and purchase it?
On my band cat camp.
Kali Kazoo.bandcamp.com.
All right.
You, um, you kids are living in a world of more dots now.
That's the big thing.
You guys got more dots now.
Yeah.
Also, the, I don't know if we ever really set the record straight cause I think we were
talking about the, the Mickey Mouse hands and I think we kind of made you sound racist
for me when we talked about that.
You misquoted me or you, I mean, you kind of said it, but then you, you, you backstep.
I just, I just made a, you guys were talking about cartoon gloves.
I'm an animator, by the way.
Yay.
So I told Jeff when we were at the renaissance fair of all places that, uh, you know, I
cartoon gloves kind of have a history of being based off of what was one of the most popular
forms of comedy long ago, which was minstrel, minstrel, minstrel shows, so like Mickey
Mouse, Mickey Mouse and lots of other characters had white cartoon gloves, which also served
the purposes.
It's in black and white and it's a contrast thing.
I mean, sometimes they didn't have gloves, but like, yeah, it's a, it's a minstrel show
thing.
Really?
Yeah.
And, and, and minstrel shows, they had it.
So cause you know, people from far away could see what they were, you know, doing.
But yeah.
And also there'd be stakes.
Jesus, there's a black guy in here.
I mean, if you watch the early Mickey Mouse cartoons, they're, I mean, they're kind of
inferring.
He's a, a certain.
He's black.
Wait, really?
They're implying Mickey Mouse is black?
Yeah.
I mean, it's, it's, they're sort of imply some kind of like racist things.
Like he's like, you know, getting drunk or doing whatever kind of crazy things.
They're kind of inferring.
Huh.
Goofy's black.
Yeah.
And goofy.
Goofy's black?
Or a dippy dog, which is his original name.
Yeah.
I mean, there was a lot of that in cartoons.
I mean, there was just a lot of that in comics.
Active trickster figures.
And there was this idea that you could, when you wanted them to not play to that effect,
you could do certain things to make them not play to that effect or surround them in situations
so they didn't.
But then they did a lot of also like sort of, you can't get mad at a cartoon and everybody
else would just go crazy.
And so they would throw the book at them and let them do a whole bunch of crazy shit.
But yeah, no, I mean, it was a different, it was a different time then.
If you guys are, if you guys want to see some real racist shit, check out the 11 band cartoons.
That shit's crazy.
Like Cole Black and DeSubbin Dwarves.
Oh yeah.
I went down a rabbit hole and watched a bunch of old little rascals and some of those are
shocking.
They went absolutely insane.
Have you seen the one where they put on a play and it's Uncle Tom's Cabin, including
the whipping scene?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
We watched that.
That was crazy.
Rob's place.
Did we?
Yeah.
Medina.
Right.
Wow.
Okay.
So speaking of progress.
Because the show isn't sexist, we let the lady choose which characters she wants to play,
even though they're not both female characters, nailed it.
It's a combination of chivalry and total fucking like post-feminist ladies first.
Do you want to play a dude or a girl?
I'll be Aaron's character.
Okay.
I mean, I like what Aaron started.
This is going to be a great 10 minutes there.
You're the character created by Kumail Nanjiani.
Is that Dr. Friend?
I can't even keep track of.
Yeah.
Okay.
This is like Dungeons and Dragons for a show, except in the future.
And so you're a troll doctor who's going to let a troubled past.
If that doesn't make sense to you, those papers, don't worry about it.
Yeah.
Doesn't make sense to anybody else.
All right.
Time's wasting.
So let's start this off.
We're going to go back to the old days of the D&D spend.
So there's a recap at the beginning, and maybe your training will let you listen better
than I do.
This one was by Richard Clark, previously on Harmontown Shadow Run Time.
Our heroes found themselves placed in the precarious position of dealing with a mysterious
brief beeping briefcase.
The noble Dr. Friend enveloped the potential threat with a force field only to find the
group fleeing before his very eyes.
Following the case, Horde Guard detected a horde of glowing creatures, the Damajoras
of the infected souls who lurk in the shadows.
As Jim Nightblade sought refuge on a roof of a nearby building, the brave runners armed
themselves and charged into battle.
After cracking wise, Jim Nightblade returned to the beeping case and opened it, only to
find a transponder that sends the infected horde into a rage.
Will our heroes survive the night?
Will a serial number on the device lead our protagonists on a ghoulish side quest?
Probably not.
Will Horde Guard make another poopy mid-battle?
Find out on this week's Harmontown Shadow Run Time.
Thank you, Spencer.
Thank you.
All right.
Are all the...
I never listened.
Richard Clark.
Fake name.
Thanks, Richard.
Did we kill all the trolls?
Ghouls.
No.
You killed about four of them.
Most of them ran away.
Right.
So how many we got left?
You know.
None.
I mean, there's none in your immediate area other than the one you just stunned.
You guys were more recently occupied with casting a group agony spell on a car.
Oh, that's right.
Yeah, I forgot about that.
So Richard, Richard kind of...
Oh, yeah.
No, I mean, nothing happened that episode, so I used the last one.
Oh.
Yeah.
All right.
And then they'd cast agony on a car.
Okay.
All right.
Shadow Run.
We got to find that Johnson to screw this over.
He gave us a troll magnet and a briefcase, a ghoul magnet.
Ghoul.
So we all joined hands and we tried to combine our energy, and I did come out of the closet
in my character.
The...
Yeah, we were trying to cast an agony spell on whoever.
So...
Which...
Which spell would that work?
I mean, what happened is you all cast the spell on a car that's several miles away.
So if anything was going to happen, happened, or will happen, there's no way of knowing.
All right.
Can't I...
Can't I astrally project and see if that worked?
Yeah, but you'd have to find the car and you don't know where it is.
Okay, I summon a sparrow.
You're too weak.
You just summoned a larger air spirit to do the...
Sit down, cross-legged.
All right.
I would suggest to Dr. Friend that perhaps he applies some sort of healing to our weakened
run mate.
Dr. Friend, can you...
Can you try to boost up my mana power level?
Yeah, man.
I'm a woman.
What's that?
I know, I'm blind.
I just say, man, about everybody, you know?
All right, that's cool.
I call my mom like, hey, man, can you make us some stew?
Technically, she's a girl and very sensitive, so...
So what do I do?
Look through your spells in there and see if you've got something that can heal me.
He's got heal.
Oh, yeah, heal.
So I just say, yeah, let's do it.
Okay.
Do your magic.
Cast that spell, doctor.
Best used after first aid is applied.
That's true.
Yeah, but they always say that, like, you're supposed to clean your ear out before you
put drops in.
That's true.
It's like, give me a break.
Just fix my ear, doc.
Sorry, I'm just doing some stand-up.
So I need to heal you.
What's wrong with you?
I just have low energy from casting too many spells of my own, and I'm kind of drained.
Okay, so this should probably rhyme?
Yeah, yeah, I think all good spells should rhyme.
Tell me one more time what the problem is.
I've drained my energy, my spiritual energy.
I'm going to rhyme it with drain.
Okay.
He's kind of like the peniteller of Spokastic.
He lets you in on the process.
I sub in the spirits to clean the spells you have drained.
I cast the spirits.
So wonderful to give you a power back that you'll feel rebrained.
Nice.
Heel.
Those are the spirits.
They're the spirits.
Heel.
It sounds like booing.
Those are spirits.
Did it work, Spencer?
Laying hands on Eve Libertine, magical energy surges forth, re-knitting your wounds and
refreshing your mind.
Because you know you're the Hayaku!
I feel great.
I cast the sparrow to go find the car.
I summon a spirit animal with my spirit charm focus.
How strong?
Level five, Jackson.
Gee.
You're like one of these drunk people on St. Elsewhere that gets a new liver and then
they go to the bar.
I don't know what to say, one of.
That was a story on St. Elsewhere.
Hey, that's the life of a magician.
If I die in the process of doing what I do, that's just the life I've chosen.
I'd like to say one thing if I could to the group, okay?
Just because I feel like a lot of what we did tonight, or this whole, I guess to us
it's been tonight, but this has been going on for a while and I feel like we're bad
shadow runners and we've had a bad shadow run.
I've made a lot of bad decisions and we've got to chalk this one up as a failure, right?
They got away, they gave us a cool magnet instead of money.
We didn't get any money.
Right.
It's not over till it's over.
Yeah.
My bird could still.
Half of the characters that we were supposed to either kidnap or protect are dead.
We just kept giving them to the bad guys and they kept killing them.
There's no lens through which we could be viewed as even anti-heroes because even anti-heroes
are part hero.
We're like anti-neighbors maybe.
Are you suggesting that we just drop this as it lies?
You know what?
This is the great thing about being a shadow runner.
Do you think Banksy, like, dwells on, was like, oh, I spray painted that rat wrong.
I should stop being Banksy.
He gets up and he tries again, you know?
Like we just move on and we hope that this doesn't show up on our LinkedIn.
So you just want to start from scratch?
New Johnson, new shadow run?
Well, we have to.
These people are going to pay us for anything else, aren't they?
Should we not look for this car?
Because I have a photographic memory, apparently.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know what happened before this.
Ah, shit.
Well, maybe I'm doing it wrong again.
We did a job and the guy was supposed to pay us and instead of money in the briefcase,
it was a transponder that brought a bunch of ghouls to kill us.
So he just completely hosed us and tried to whack us.
And I'm saying, there's no harm in me sending up my bird to see what we see.
But we can, if you want to start looking for a clean sleigh, I'm with that too.
But there's also the possibility of revenge.
Oh yeah.
I don't think we've seen the last of that asshole.
I mean.
No, he means us taking revenge.
I mean, we could just go on a killing spree at this point.
Who cares?
Well, because that doesn't pay anything.
That's my point.
We're supposed to be at worst mercenaries and at best, maybe a dark version of a hero
in an unlikely context.
What we have done in this Shadowrun is like, it's like we're some strange drunk animal
that just, and we've hurt people and ourselves and we've made less money than we could have
made and we've cost everyone their lives and we're standing here in the street, exhausted,
almost dead with a ghoul magnet.
You gotta let the ghoul magnet thing go, man.
Well, no, it burns.
It fucking hurts, man, because the whole time I was thinking, just get that suitcase full
of money and it's a fucking ghoul magnet.
Like I feel, it's my fault.
I feel like a piece of shit.
I feel like a bad Shadowrunner.
But you have to be able to do as she said, let these things go.
If you want to cut bait, then emotionally, you must cut bait as well.
This is, of course, a world of shadows and running and chaos and the boundaries are imaginary
or also constructed and you, again, you must do two things at once and do nothing at the
same time.
It's all about just sort of attacking and then not carrying too much water with you.
Let's go forward if you're going to go forward, otherwise we turn tail.
We find this guy using what tools we have necessary.
Find him and blast his fucking head off.
And the currency, the currency, the currency I might suggest is the satisfaction of revenge.
Blood is tasty when drunk and quenches thirst for years and years and then you go forward
and then you make money.
If possible.
Okay, but Cordegard, can I trust you to remind me why we're getting revenge?
Because it seems like almost we're the only ones that did anything wrong.
Okay, but what I'm saying is if you're okay, well, first of all, a deal is a deal unless
a deal has not happened.
Right, we want our money.
We want our money.
We want our fucking money.
Here's what I say.
You know what?
I'm pissed about this.
I'm going to send my little bird out.
We find him.
I'm going to ask for the project, track that dude down.
I'm going to summon the biggest orca in the world and just smash the whole fucking car.
Which is like the speech, no, the mainstay speech of the old, old, old, old high women
or also adamant, which is your money or your life, you know?
That's it.
It's very simple.
I mean, Cordegard's got a point.
I'm with Cordegard.
If you have a photographic memory for Christ's sake, use it in three dimensions.
Spin the car around.
Find a license plate.
Is that something we can roll in?
My photographic memory?
I mean, you have it.
I'd like to talk to the other gay shadow runner, Dr. Friend.
Okay.
Thank you.
I just want to tell everyone that if your parents have had a trans-vaginal mesh situation,
if there are attorneys now that you can contact, and several attorneys now that specialize in
trans-vaginal mesh detachments.
What is that?
What are you saying?
Well, I guess it's something so that your organs don't fall out of your vagina, and
apparently what they're making this mesh out of is what they're...
Is that something I should be concerned about?
Not yet, but at some point.
Cliffhanger!
The Cliffhanger is Callie's 40th birthday.
I don't know what...
45th.
No.
Let's thank Kali Kazoova coming up here.
Go check out her new record.
Okay.
DeMorge Brown, Spencer Crittenden, Horatio Sands.
Thank you.
What a treat.
Horatio, thank you so much.
Go check out his show, the Horatio.
Maybe one day he'll be on Ferris.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Did you get any of that?
Go to the show.